Let me teach you what true false accusation is.
Tell me, madam, she is about to die. Let her go first.
Go and save people quickly
I've let you go once before
I'm sorry that you came to my door this time.
Let me let you go. What did you call my parents before? I was wrong.
I must call the police and arrest you
What police are you making at night?
Miss Sun, you came just in time
Mrs. Sun who just came in
Stealing things in the kitchen
Just happened to be bumped into by us
We tried so hard to persuade you, but I didn’t expect it.
She actually wanted to kill me and silence me
I want to tire me to death, Miss Three
You must make the decision for me
They said you stole something from the Jiang family
Is there such a thing?